README.md, before:

# Training-Grounds
General Testing Grounds of Ideas.

### January 30, 2019
- Reupload Blank RunUO State due to Glitch.
  - Have files saved, requires remerge. Overall not that bad helps with organization
- Re-added Botanist Quest
  - Essentially is the Naturalist Quest just made it make sense. 
  - Worm (Zombies) + Fertile Dirt, Chance for Neon Seeds (10% Fire, 30% Aqua, Magenta, Pink)

### Feburary 1, 2019
- Added Plant Changes
  - Merged Plant System to old system that was used.
  - Added Raised Garden | DragonFruit
- Taste ID Changes  
  - Taste ID is now Foraging Essentially
    - Can Identify Seed Types
	- Use Foraging Kit to find Reags/Bark/Seeds
	  - Works Like Mining, Tile Type determines type of Rare.
- Begging Changes
  - New Loot from Begging from Vendors
  - Can Beg from Savages and Orcs (High Failure)
  - Introduced Begging Coins for Future Quests
  
### Feburary 8, 2019
- Changed MLQuest to just Quest System
	-Purpose: To allow better intergration into older servers not running ML Anything. Additionally allows better learning of the system
- Added Krumpus
  - First Attempt of a Boss.
  
### Feburary 19, 2019
- After 2 weeks! Finally got it to work
- Took ServUO ML Quest System and Merged it to RunUO
	- For Older Servers that Want to use the ML Quest System and hate the Current one.
	- Anything with #Region New Quest needs to be updated to work this. 
	
### Feburary 21, 2019
- Updating Begging a little, Made it slightly harder. and new items.
- Added Bardable Horses
- Added Trash Pile (Will Edit at a later time) 

### Feburary 22, 2019
- Battle Lizards Pets (From ServUO)
	- Chicken Lizards Don't Drop Eggs
	- No way to Obtain the Incubator/Eggs/Collar/Chicken Coop at the moment

### March 3, 2019
- Retweek Battle Lizards
	- Now its Battle Lizards + Hue Chickens
- Quest Added to Obtain Chicken Eggs
	- Requires 10 Zoogi Fungi and 2 Scales (Any  type)
- Removed Revealing Action from Foraging
- Added Jewelry Box for future reference

### March 5, 2019
-Added Drow Creatures
	-Based off Savage 
-Added Stealth AI
-Added Drow Bow
	-Composite Bow version of Savage Spear
-Added Drow Circlet
	-Drops from Female Drow Only, Requires 5 Parts to build

Commit message:

Cremation
Allows Player Corpses to be Cremated

README.md, after:

# Training-Grounds
General Testing Grounds of Ideas.

### January 30, 2019
- Reupload Blank RunUO State due to Glitch.
  - Have files saved, requires remerge. Overall not that bad helps with organization
- Re-added Botanist Quest
  - Essentially is the Naturalist Quest just made it make sense. 
  - Worm (Zombies) + Fertile Dirt, Chance for Neon Seeds (10% Fire, 30% Aqua, Magenta, Pink)

### Feburary 1, 2019
- Added Plant Changes
  - Merged Plant System to old system that was used.
  - Added Raised Garden | DragonFruit
- Taste ID Changes  
  - Taste ID is now Foraging Essentially
    - Can Identify Seed Types
	- Use Foraging Kit to find Reags/Bark/Seeds
	  - Works Like Mining, Tile Type determines type of Rare.
- Begging Changes
  - New Loot from Begging from Vendors
  - Can Beg from Savages and Orcs (High Failure)
  - Introduced Begging Coins for Future Quests
  
### Feburary 8, 2019
- Changed MLQuest to just Quest System
	-Purpose: To allow better intergration into older servers not running ML Anything. Additionally allows better learning of the system
- Added Krumpus
  - First Attempt of a Boss.
  
### Feburary 19, 2019
- After 2 weeks! Finally got it to work
- Took ServUO ML Quest System and Merged it to RunUO
	- For Older Servers that Want to use the ML Quest System and hate the Current one.
	- Anything with #Region New Quest needs to be updated to work this. 
	
### Feburary 21, 2019
- Updating Begging a little, Made it slightly harder. and new items.
- Added Bardable Horses
- Added Trash Pile (Will Edit at a later time) 

### Feburary 22, 2019
- Battle Lizards Pets (From ServUO)
	- Chicken Lizards Don't Drop Eggs
	- No way to Obtain the Incubator/Eggs/Collar/Chicken Coop at the moment

### March 3, 2019
- Retweek Battle Lizards
	- Now its Battle Lizards + Hue Chickens
- Quest Added to Obtain Chicken Eggs
	- Requires 10 Zoogi Fungi and 2 Scales (Any  type)
- Removed Revealing Action from Foraging
- Added Jewelry Box for future reference

### March 5, 2019
- Added Drow Creatures
	- Based off Savage 
- Added Stealth AI
- Added Drow Bow
	- Composite Bow version of Savage Spear
- Added Drow Circlet
	- Drops from Female Drow Only, Requires 5 Parts to build.
	
### March 9, 2019
- Cremation
	- Obtain Cremation Kit and use it on a Human Corpse
		- Turns Corpse to Bones.
	- Use Filled Cremation Kit and a Funeral Urn on a Cremator Obtained Filled Funeral Urn.
		- "A Filled Funeral Urn with <NAME>'s Ashes"
- Tweeked Foraging Kit
